Timing support (#3363)
verilator/verilator: docs/internals.rst

``VlForever``. This is done instead of a return in case the ``wait`` is deep in
a call stack (otherwise the coroutine's caller would continue execution).

Each sub-statement of a ``fork`` is put in an ``AstBegin`` node for easier
grouping. In a later step, each of these gets transformed into a new, separate
function. See the `Forks` section for more detail.

Processes that use awaits are marked as suspendable. Later, during ``V3Sched``,
they are transformed into coroutines. Functions that use awaits get the return
type of ``VlCoroutine``. This immediately makes them coroutines. Note that if a
process calls a function that is a coroutine, the call gets wrapped in an
await, which means the process itself will be marked as suspendable. A virtual
function is a coroutine if any of its overriding or overridden functions are
coroutines. The visitor keeps a dependency graph of functions and processes to
handle such cases.

Scheduling with timing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Timing features in Verilator are built on top of the static scheduler. Triggers
are used for determining which delay or trigger schedulers should resume. A

> special trigger is used for the delay scheudler. This trigger is set if there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
special trigger is used for the delay scheduler. This trigger is set if there
```

are any coroutines awaiting the current simulation time
(``VlDelayScheduler::awaitingCurrentTime()``).

All triggers used by a suspendable process are mapped to variables written in
that process. When ordering code using ``V3Order``, these triggers are provided
as external domains of these variables. This ensures that the necessary
combinational logic is triggered after a coroutine resumption.

There are two functions for managing timing logic called by ``_eval()``:

> * ``_timing_commit()``, which commits all coroutines whose triggers weren't set
>   in the current iteration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``_timing_commit()``, which commits all coroutines whose triggers were not set
  in the current iteration,
```

* ``_timing_resume()``, which calls `resume()` on all trigger and delay
  schedulers whose triggers were set in the current iteration.

Thanks to this separation, a coroutine awaiting a trigger cannot be suspended
and resumed in the same iteration, and it cannot be resumed before it suspends.

All coroutines are committed and resumed in the 'act' eval loop. With timing
features enabled, the ``_eval()`` function takes this form:

::
  void _eval() {
    while (true) {
      _eval__triggers__ico();
      if (!ico_triggers.any()) break;
      _eval_ico();
    }

    while (true) {
      while (true) {
        _eval__triggers__act();

        // Commit all non-triggered coroutines
        _timing_commit();

>         if (!act_triggers.any()) break;

Author: `_timing_commit()` commits coroutines for triggers that aren't currently set. So the final `act` iteration, when `!act_triggers.any()` is true, is when all remaining coroutines are committed and become ready to be resumed in the next time slot (or `nba` iteration).
